Add documentation for explicitly specifying values in comments (#3471)
Revolutionary-Games/Thrive: doc/style_guide.md

  `if` but a comment like "Player is alive" should be inside the
  braces of the `if` statement.

> - Prefer to not specifying value for variables or constants explicitly in the
>   comments as they can easily get outdated when somebody changes the actual
>   values. If it has to be specified, care **must** be taken to always update
>   this comment whenever the value is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prefer to not specify the value for variables or constants explicitly in the
  comments as they can easily get outdated when somebody changes the actual
  values. If it has to be specified, care **must** be taken to always update
  that comment whenever the value is changed.
```
Some wording fixes
